Work come back in this lesson we're going to look at the location object.
So I know we've gone through quite a few different objects and you don't have to memorize every bit
of functionality.
Just be aware that they are there.
And if you do need to make use of them within your code you know where to go.
So let's go ahead and create a button and this one is just going to be a button button type and I'm
going to do the On Click event handler and we're just going to create one that's called Go you are l.
So basically whenever this gets clicked then we're going to send the user to another web page.
Go to a u r l.
So that's going to be the the button value.
So now let's create our functions so we need a function now called GO YOU ARE ALL SO function
so go you are l.
And then within this function what we're going to do is we're going to grab
a value or variable.
So let's let's set that up here above that and we'll do another input so the user can actually type
and add in what type of or what you or L they want to visit.
So it give it an idea of or L and then also give it a name.
You are all and I'm going to give it a default value so we're going to give it a value of HTP for its
life for its slash and that will be Google dot com and let's close that one off.
So now what I want to do is I want to grab that value from there.
So it's too variable you are l and documents we know how to grab that value get element by id the element
that we're grabbing is you are you are all.
And let's make sure we pick up the value.
So get you your get element by ID you IRL grab the value and then this is where the magic happens.
We're going to do Windows location and we're going to grab that value and we're going to simply equal
it to you or else.
So let's see let's try the suits and go and refreshed the page and go to the URL and we can see that
this way we're able to actually go to the URL that we've specified
within that value
and I'll just go back to the page there.
So if I wanted to change this to Facebook or something else I can always go to that.
You are Elle and we can see that it doesn't matter what we put in there.
We always end up at the you are l that's been specified within their.
So what I want you to do now is open up your editor and create a function that you can click and pass
the value that you want within the function's argument.
So pick it up as a parameter within the function and then redirect the page to the specified parameter.
So create another input button and go to your favorite Web site.
Add that into the go to you are l.
Make a different function in order to accommodate that and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So we had an opportunity to try that out and we do need to create a separate function for this.
So I'm going to duplicate it and I'm going to go go.
You are l.
And then within here.
So this is where we're expecting our primers so HTP forward slash for it's launched W W W and here let's
enter in a web site.
So whatever your favorite Web site is enter that in over there.
And now let's create the function to go to that you or else it's go to your URL to we're taking in the
parameter of the are L and just simply delete that.
Now it can go and we can refresh it and we should say go to
my favorite you are ill.
So go back refreshed again.
So we've got one that can go to your Ehle whatever value we've entered in here.
And then another one that simply goes to our favorite you are all so I want to also introduce you to
another way to grab information from our from our content.
And this is going deeper into what the Dom can do.
So give your wrap your inputs with a form and you can call the form whatever you want to call it.
So I'm going to just call it my foreign and then close it off.
So make sure that you wrap all of your inputs inside of that form.
And now what I want to do is I actually want to when we click a button so I want to add one more button
here and what this one is going to do is this is going to output the value that's contained within here.
So we're not going to use that document get element by ID.
We're going to go directly into the dorm because all of this information now that we've got a form that's
wrapping all these inputs we can actually identify this form by its name that we've given it and we
can grab information that's contained within the form.
So we don't have to go through the document get element by id and we can go directly to get that information.
So let's call my value and this one is just going to simply take whatever value is here and it's going
to rate it here within that wrapper area.
So let's let's set that up.
So function and this one's called my value and we are going to be making use more use of this later
on as well.
So I just want to show you this because it's a really interesting way to handle and get values from
your web page so get document by ID.
So this one we still need to do because we're not wrapped within the form and so on.
So wrapper and that's in our age to a mouse we're not going to change the way we do that.
But this time what we're going to do is we're actually going to grab the values we're going to use document
and we're going to traverse through the door.
So we're not going to do get element by ID.
And we did see earlier that all of the elements within your web page are actually located within the
document object.
So all of these are already sitting in the document object.
And the reason we're using get element by ID is because we're just simply selecting it.
But we can also traverse through the dawn basically go down the layers the tree structure until we actually
identify and find our value.
So we're going to select within the document we're going to find the one named my form within my form.
We've got one named are old and then we've got one that has that we want to get the value of that you
are all sort going through a bunch of notes here.
We're going to the my form that we're grabbing the one that's named you are all within my form and then
we're grabbing the value from that particular node.
So let's save that and refreshed the page.
And so now when I hit value we're actually grabbing the value that's contained within this form.
And if we update it.
And now you are well obviously won't work but you can see that as I hit the value we can always grab
the current value that's sitting within that form value.
And this this is actually may be a shorter way.
It all depends on what you're trying to do instead of going through and grabbing at it.
In this type of format doing a selector we actually know where it's located and we can go directly into
it and grab that information.
So go ahead and try it for yourself.
Wrap all those inputs around with the form and then you can go ahead and you can get some values from
that and so on and try it for yourself creates an input and then simply another button where you can
click at and it can update the value and grab that value from the input without using Document get element
by ID.